hey people want comes my first
tutorial here on this channel video
I show you just like her
a dcps can in this case the fx
processor
It is also a requirement that you have the
black edition have it very easy
Overclocks are thanks to the freely selectable
multiplier if you like if you
not the black edition have it then
a bit more difficult and then you have to
also know what because Beier to
unscrew or screw around
But then you best just different
so first you invite two of you
programs down amd overdrive and cpu
z at the programs for free and the
first you open all the overdrive
then here comes this left here
Warning has succeeded if you are
here on ok confirm that yours
Manufacturer warranty everything as soon as the on
Okay, that's just what happened
if it not worth the
manufacturer's warranty is as I then
Can you do that when you do that
want to start over program has gone
first on clock rate and then tension
do you go here on turbo core control
and up here then hung the hook
activated turbo core best
Number of posted core business
service I actually have six cores
but we can only be so blown
then you could theoretically here
play around with this regulator with me
I'm here for 20 until he becomes you
probably do not shut up let's say
you have eight ten or twenty then
Please I guess you just go
here at zero power level 0 and then
I would say you can take two steps
So higher are two multipliers
So now if I have 18 times
For example, I put on 20 there goes
namely my clock rate from 3.3 ghz to 4
ghz maximum here on normal ok
back to ok for confirm
and best to take on down
I have not after again
saved that is
take over again
then ok and ok now starts
you in the west cpu-z I still have it
not even open so starts
then takes a very short time to load it there
By the way, gpu-z you know your what
your graphics card packs you want as synonymous
look up so and and multiplayer stands
here also 720 that means yours
multiplier that actually works too
higher here you will see the
momentary now was just fell
now like now four again this
gate 4 ghz goes though he default
now we have 33 of course we can
again one on three start
it may be that my vote now
By the way, very and in sync, there I am
believe that fraps not everything right now
at least takes the administrator
area well but he then goes times
you can do stability test or go
the then click Select all imagine
this time to a minute and does
then start can cause your
system gets stuck that remains for him
then if you hang your cpu then
had too high clocked hat
I would recommend you two steps
from 18 for example to 20 if you
Now you have a good fan
water cooling or a suction
fan then I can you can
I recommend you 25 steps or three
to go four steps higher
So then from 18 to 22, for example
but it will work on my pc, too
probably when playing one would
processes begin to melt
therefore it is I seem quite
optimal
Well, right now, everything is fine
everything is active in the green area
means yes it fits so no problems so
I could actually gamble for now
example battlefield much we much
a lot of fun
and yes if i ask you if i either
new tutorial do something else themselves
I propose the blow with the btv
always very much contrary to stability test
relatively inactive looks relatively good
said yes from the result na honest
that she shit but that is
but because the pastor is shit
well then i hope it has you
fallen something helped what the
thumb up there if you liked it
and yes I know and until the next
times a game power your team of gameboy
you better click